---
title: 05.22.2025
layout: productupdates
tags: bugfix plugins sdk api ui
---

### Add Supervising Provider Dropdown to Prescribe/Refill/Adjust Commands

Users can add Supervising Provider to Prescribe, Refill, and Adjust commands. Supervising provider is an optional field that will add the prescriber’s default supervising provider that is configured in Settings, if one exists. SDK changes include ability to set the supervising provider using the [commands module and in a prescribe protocol recommendation](/sdk/commands/#prescribe), or react to events [PRE/POST Search on the dropdown](/sdk/events/#prescribe-command) in the UI command. 

### Sticky filter for Patient Timeline

When users apply a filter to the patient timeline view, their settings will be carried over when they navigate with in the patient chart (e.g. between Chart and Profile), to different patient charts, and when they log in and out. When navigating to different patient charts or in login sessions, note type and staff settings are persisted, while date range will be reset. [Read more](https://canvas-medical.help.usepylon.com/articles/4791996458-filter-notes-in-patient-timeline#sticky-filter-11)

### Permalink to Lab, Imaging, Consult Reports, and Uncategorized Clinical Documents result card

On [Imaging](https://canvas-medical.help.usepylon.com/articles/7566748234-process-image-results#reviewing-internal-comments-for-the-imaging-review-35), [Lab](https://canvas-medical.help.usepylon.com/articles/1652834476-processing-lab-reports#reviewing-internal-comments-for-the-lab-review-35), Consult Reports, and Uncategorized Clinical Document results cards, users can see the review date time and reviewer name. Users have a permalink to navigate directly to the specific command in the note.

###  Allow Patient to Upload Documents via Patient Portal (Beta)

Adds permissions to users to support document uploads via the patient portal. [Read more](http://localhost:3000/product-updates/patient-portal/#upload-documents)

### Business Line Custom Text Now Displays in Appointment Reminders

Fixed an issue where [custom reminder text](https://canvas-medical.help.usepylon.com/articles/1392971282-business-lines-customized-patient-communication#creating-business-lines-8) set at the business line level was not appearing in outgoing appointment reminders.

### Allow use of Collections imports within the SDK

The release allows plugins built in the SDK to import defaultdict and Count from the collections module

### Fixed Google Calendar Syncing Issue when Parent Events were Not Found

Once a google calendar event is deleted, the google API will only allow the event to be fetched for a short period of time. This release will properly sync calendar exceptions with an unfound parent event.  

### Fixed updating the current queue in FHIR Claim Update 

This release fixes a bug in the [FHIR Claim endpoints](/api/claim) that was preventing the claim from moving queues when the claim-queue extension was the second item in the extensions list.

### Fixed Clipboard Command causing Note Crashes

Fixed a bug that caused the note to crash when trying to paste content using the clipboard command if free text characters had already been added to that line within the note. 
